README.md, before:

# aws-is-how

## [常见故障排除及支持手册](https://amazonaws-china.com/cn/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/?nc1=h_ls&from=timeline&isappinstalled=0)

## AI/ML

[Use SageMaker for Automotive Image Classification](ai-ml/auto-image-classification/UseSageMaker4AutoImageClassification.md)

## Computing

[Amazon Linux how to support chinese](EC2/Amazon-Linux-AMI-support-chinese.md)

## Analytics

[Quick demo for Glue ETL + Athena + Superset BI](https://github.com/liangruibupt/covid_19_report_end2end_analytics)

[How-to-do-Virtulization-DynamoDB](analytics/How-to-do-Virtulization-DynamoDB.md)

[Glue-streaming-etl-demo for kinesis and Kafka](https://github.com/liangruibupt/glue-streaming-etl-demo)

## Security

[Share-CMK-across-multiple-AWS-accounts](kms/Share-CMK-across-multiple-AWS-accounts.md)

[Secret Manager quick start demo](secret-mgr/Secrete-Manager-QuickStart.md)

[Upload-SSL-Certificate](security/Upload-SSL-Certificate.md)

[How to use the RDK for AWS Config Automation](security/aws-config/GetStartConfigRDS.md)

[Connect to Your Existing AD Infrastructure](security/Connect-to-Existing-AD-Infrastructure.md)

[How to bootstrap sensitive data in EC2 User Data](security/How-to-bootstrap-sensitive-data-in-EC2-userdata.md)

## Network

[How to verify EC2 access S3 via VPC S3 Endpoint?](vpc/Access-S3-via-VPC-endpoint.md)

[Why can’t I connect to an S3 bucket using a gateway VPC endpoint?](https://amazonaws-china.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/connect-s3-vpc-endpoint/)

[The customer have a private subnet without NAT and want to use ssm vpc endpoint to connected to SSM service](vpc/SSM-VPC-Endpoint-In-China-Region.md)

[How I can setup transparent proxy - squid](network/squid/Squid-proxy.md)

[SFTP on AWS](network/SFTPOnAWS.md)

[NLB-TLS-Termination + Access log](network/nlb/NLB-TLS-Termination.md)

## DNS

[R53 in China region](R53/Route53-Quick-Start.md)

## Serverless

[Schedule-Invoke-Lambda](lambda/Schedule-Invoke-Lambda.md)

[hello-cdk](https://github.com/liangruibupt/hello-cdk)

[Build and deploy a serverless application with the SAM CLI in China reigon](https://github.com/liangruibupt/hell-world-sam)

[SAM templates and lightweight web frameworks](https://53ningen.com/sam-web-fw/)

[Using AWS Lambda with Amazon Kinesis](lambda/lambda-kinesis.md)

## Migration

[How to migrate your on-premises domain to AWS Managed AD?](security/Migrate_on-premises_domain_to_AWS_Managed_AD.md)

## Storage

[How to sync S3 bucket data between global region and China region](storage/Sync-Global-S3bucket-2-China.md)

[S3 trasnfer tool](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-s3-resumable-upload)

[s3-benchmark-testing](https://github.com/liangruibupt/s3-benchmark-testing)

[How do I create a snapshot of an EBS RAID array](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/snapshot-ebs-raid-array/)

[EBS benchmark testing](https://github.com/liangruibupt/ebs-benchmark-testing)

[storage-gateway-demo and performance testing](https://github.com/liangruibupt/storage-gateway-demo)

[EFS Workshop for GCR](https://github.com/liangruibupt/amazon-efs-workshop)

## Database

[Use Proxysql for RDS for MySQL or Aurora databases connection pool and Read/Write Split](database/rds/proxysql/serverless-proxysql.md)

[Neo4j-On-AWS](database/neo4j/Neo4j-On-AWS.md)

## Container

[eks-workshop-greater-china](https://github.com/aws-samples/eks-workshop-greater-china)

[EKS-Workshop-China](https://github.com/liangruibupt/EKS-Workshop-China)

[ECS workshop for china region](https://github.com/liangruibupt/aws-ecs-workshop-gcr)

[ECR Sync up from global from China and ECS Service Discovery](container/ECR-Sync-and-ECS-Service-Discovery.md)

[How can I create an Application Load Balancer and then register Amazon ECS tasks automatically](container/ECS-Dynamic-Port-Mapping.md)

[How can I a ECS service serve traffic from multiple port?](container/ECS-Dynamic-Port-Mapping.md)

## DevOps

[CodeCommit](devops/codecommit/getstart-codecommit.md) and [CodeCommit setup](devops/codecommit/codecommit-setup.md)

[Codebuild Get Start](devops/codebuild/codebuild-get-start.md)

[X-Ray in AWS China region](https://github.com/liangruibupt/aws-xray-workshop-gcr)

## Infra as Code

[How to migrate global cloudformation to China reigon?](xaas/Global-Cloudformation-Migrate-to-China.md)

## Integration

[如何构建Amazon SNS HTTP Subscription?](integration/SNS-HTTP-Subscription.md)

Commit message:

automate-athena-query by lambda and step function init checkin

README.md, after:

# aws-is-how

## [常见故障排除及支持手册](https://amazonaws-china.com/cn/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/?nc1=h_ls&from=timeline&isappinstalled=0)

## AI/ML

[Use SageMaker for Automotive Image Classification](ai-ml/auto-image-classification/UseSageMaker4AutoImageClassification.md)

## Computing

[Amazon Linux how to support chinese](EC2/Amazon-Linux-AMI-support-chinese.md)

## Analytics

[Quick demo for Glue ETL + Athena + Superset BI](https://github.com/liangruibupt/covid_19_report_end2end_analytics)

[How-to-do-Virtulization-DynamoDB](analytics/How-to-do-Virtulization-DynamoDB.md)

[Glue-streaming-etl-demo for kinesis and Kafka](https://github.com/liangruibupt/glue-streaming-etl-demo)

[automate-athena-query by lambda and step function](analytics/automate-athena-query.md)

## Security

[Share-CMK-across-multiple-AWS-accounts](kms/Share-CMK-across-multiple-AWS-accounts.md)

[Secret Manager quick start demo](secret-mgr/Secrete-Manager-QuickStart.md)

[Upload-SSL-Certificate](security/Upload-SSL-Certificate.md)

[How to use the RDK for AWS Config Automation](security/aws-config/GetStartConfigRDS.md)

[Connect to Your Existing AD Infrastructure](security/Connect-to-Existing-AD-Infrastructure.md)

[How to bootstrap sensitive data in EC2 User Data](security/How-to-bootstrap-sensitive-data-in-EC2-userdata.md)

## Network

[How to verify EC2 access S3 via VPC S3 Endpoint?](vpc/Access-S3-via-VPC-endpoint.md)

[Why can’t I connect to an S3 bucket using a gateway VPC endpoint?](https://amazonaws-china.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/connect-s3-vpc-endpoint/)

[The customer have a private subnet without NAT and want to use ssm vpc endpoint to connected to SSM service](vpc/SSM-VPC-Endpoint-In-China-Region.md)

[How I can setup transparent proxy - squid](network/squid/Squid-proxy.md)

[SFTP on AWS](network/SFTPOnAWS.md)

[NLB-TLS-Termination + Access log](network/nlb/NLB-TLS-Termination.md)

## DNS

[R53 in China region](R53/Route53-Quick-Start.md)

## Serverless

[Schedule-Invoke-Lambda](lambda/Schedule-Invoke-Lambda.md)

[hello-cdk](https://github.com/liangruibupt/hello-cdk)

[Build and deploy a serverless application with the SAM CLI in China reigon](https://github.com/liangruibupt/hell-world-sam)

[SAM templates and lightweight web frameworks](https://53ningen.com/sam-web-fw/)

[Using AWS Lambda with Amazon Kinesis](lambda/lambda-kinesis.md)

## Migration

[How to migrate your on-premises domain to AWS Managed AD?](security/Migrate_on-premises_domain_to_AWS_Managed_AD.md)

## Storage

[How to sync S3 bucket data between global region and China region](storage/Sync-Global-S3bucket-2-China.md)

[S3 trasnfer tool](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-s3-resumable-upload)

[s3-benchmark-testing](https://github.com/liangruibupt/s3-benchmark-testing)

[How do I create a snapshot of an EBS RAID array](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/snapshot-ebs-raid-array/)

[EBS benchmark testing](https://github.com/liangruibupt/ebs-benchmark-testing)

[storage-gateway-demo and performance testing](https://github.com/liangruibupt/storage-gateway-demo)

[EFS Workshop for GCR](https://github.com/liangruibupt/amazon-efs-workshop)

## Database

[Use Proxysql for RDS for MySQL or Aurora databases connection pool and Read/Write Split](database/rds/proxysql/serverless-proxysql.md)

[Neo4j-On-AWS](database/neo4j/Neo4j-On-AWS.md)

## Container

[eks-workshop-greater-china](https://github.com/aws-samples/eks-workshop-greater-china)

[EKS-Workshop-China](https://github.com/liangruibupt/EKS-Workshop-China)

[ECS workshop for china region](https://github.com/liangruibupt/aws-ecs-workshop-gcr)

[ECR Sync up from global from China and ECS Service Discovery](container/ECR-Sync-and-ECS-Service-Discovery.md)

[How can I create an Application Load Balancer and then register Amazon ECS tasks automatically](container/ECS-Dynamic-Port-Mapping.md)

[How can I a ECS service serve traffic from multiple port?](container/ECS-Dynamic-Port-Mapping.md)

## DevOps

[CodeCommit](devops/codecommit/getstart-codecommit.md) and [CodeCommit setup](devops/codecommit/codecommit-setup.md)

[Codebuild Get Start](devops/codebuild/codebuild-get-start.md)

[X-Ray in AWS China region](https://github.com/liangruibupt/aws-xray-workshop-gcr)

## Infra as Code

[How to migrate global cloudformation to China reigon?](xaas/Global-Cloudformation-Migrate-to-China.md)

## Integration

[如何构建Amazon SNS HTTP Subscription?](integration/SNS-HTTP-Subscription.md)
